review scheduling update (#3)
learn-co-curriculum/phase-1-project-review-guidelines: README.md

[blog-tips]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i6NqCgYZd9DC25Om9agZ4lX-U_7DmjH0ZTBpOWMAn9Q/edit

## Scheduling Your Review
Please make sure you have satisfied all the requirements listed in the project
requirements page (linked at the top of the page) before scheduling the meeting.
These required components must be completed, submitted in Canvas, and submitted
in Oncehub or your project review will be canceled by the reviewer. Do not book an 
appointment with your assigned Cohort Lead — be sure to choose another reviewer.

To schedule your review, please see the lesson entitled [Flex] Instructor Review: Phase 1 Project

> and use the link pro vided to select an available date and time on the scheduling site. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and use the link provided to select an available date and time on the scheduling site. 
```
